## Visualization #1: Adjustable Histogram of Attributes With Depression-Based Color Scheme
This histogram is meant to serve as an overview of the data, similar to the previous homework assignment. One criticism I received was that the attributes I visualized in the previous histogram were a bit disconnected from my other visuals, which I agreed with. Instead of focusing on multiple attributes that indicate mental health struggles, I decided to choose just one attribute for the entire project, which is the variable that indicates whether the student is depressed or not.

This visualization is a stacked histogram that explores the frequency of different categories for the GPA, year, gender, and age variables. In adddition, each bar in the histogram is dual-colored, with a legend indicating which color corresponds to depressed students and which color corresponds to students who are not depressed. For interactivity, I added a dropdown menu to this visualization that allows the user to choose which of the four attributes they wish to visualize, with each new selection triggering an **animated transition** and the generation of a brand new histogram, with the title and x-axis label modified accordingly. 

## Visualization #2: Adjustable Pie Chart with Tooltip/Hover Element and Category Filtering 
Similar to the previous homework assignment, this pie chart filters for students that answered "yes" to having depression and explores the different categories of the GPA, year, gender, and age variables. This chart is meant to be provide a more focused view of those that are depressed and builds on the histogram. This pie chart is meant to directly correlate with the histogram as well, as the previously mentioned dropdown menu will triggers a change in both the histogram and the pie chart, which also plays an **animated transition** each time a new attribute is selected. This allows the user to gain an overview of the information within the data through the histogram while examining the pie chart that visualizes the same attribute with a focus on those that are depressed.

In addition, this pie chart also includes a **tooltip** element that displays the specific information of each pie slice (quantity, proportion/percentage, repeated category title) when the user hovers over the pie slice with the mouse. In addition, this pie chart includes a legend that indicates which color corresponds to which category, which can also be seen within the pie chart itself. This legend is interactive, as selecting the color for a category within the legend will toggle whether that specific category appears in the pie chart. This is an example of **filtering**, as the interactive legend allows us to examine subsets of the data by specifying which categories we wish or do not wish to include. 

## Visualization #3: Advanced Parallel Coordinates Plot with Chooseable Attributes and Brush Element for Each Axis
The advanced visualization is the parallel coordinates plot, that aims to observe how attributes relate to whether students are depressed or not. This plot builds on the foundation of the previous two plots while examining how some of the attributes of interest relate to each other, and their potential interaction in relation to depression. 

This plot has two implemented interaction effects. The first interaction effect is a checkbox of the four different atrributes, which are GPA, year, gender, and age. By default, all four attributes are checked, but the user is allowed choose which attributes to include in the visualization by toggling the checkboxes for the desired attributes. This selection of certain attributes is an example of **filtering**. 

The second interaction effect is a brush element appeneded to each axis in the plot that highlights all lines that pass through the brush while dimming the other lines, providing the user with more focus and clarity on how a specific category may relate to depression. This is an example of **highlighting**, as the brush element makes certain instances of the data more visible to the user. 



**NOTE**: The only criticism from the previous homework not addressed was the potential implementaion of a Sankey plot. While it was in consideration, I came to the conclusion that the interaction effects I wished to implement would be better suited by a parallel coordinates plot. In addition, I found that the parallel coordinates plot was more correlated with my other two visualizations. 
